Extends 'spo list' commands to have all available list options. Closes #3808 (#3938)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/list/list-get.md

## Examples

> Get information about a list with ID _0cd891ef-afce-4e55-b836-fce03286cccf_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_

Reviewer: Along the way could we correct the approach in spec no to duplicate the data that is in the example and just use a more general explanation 👍
Like: 
```suggestion
Get information about a list with specified ID located in the specified site
```

```sh
m365 spo list get --id 0cd891ef-afce-4e55-b836-fce03286cccf --webUrl https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x
```

Get information about a list with title _Documents_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_

```sh
m365 spo list get --title Documents --webUrl https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x
```

Get information about a list with server relative url _sites/project-x/Documents_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_

```sh

> m365 spo list get --title Documents --webUrl https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x --listUrl 'sites/project-x/Documents'

Reviewer: I think the option we added it `url` not `listUrl`

```suggestion
m365 spo list get --title Documents --webUrl https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x --url 'sites/project-x/Documents'
```

also in the example below

Reviewer: also I just noticed it will not work as we specify `title` and `listUrl` (`url`) at the same time 😉
